docs: update ingest readme (#1456)
Unstructured-IO/unstructured: unstructured/ingest/README.md

- [ ] Create a new module under [unstructured/ingest/connector/](unstructured/ingest/connector/) implementing the 3 abstract base classes, similar to [unstructured/ingest/connector/github.py](unstructured/ingest/connector/github.py).
  - [ ] The subclass of `BaseIngestDoc` overrides `process_file()` if extra processing logic is needed other than what is provided by [auto.partition()](unstructured/partition/auto.py).

>   - [ ] The subclass of `BaseConnectorConfig` implements a session handle to manage connections. Check [here](https://github.com/Unstructured-IO/unstructured/pull/1058/files#diff-dae96d30f58cffe1b348c036d006b48bdc7e2e47fbd7c8ec1c45d63face1542d) for a detailed example.

Reviewer: Add: "If the IngestDoc relies on a connection or session that could be reused..." since this won't always be the case.
Also note that: the ConnectorConfig should inherit from `ConfigSessionHandleMixin` and implement `create_session_handle`. 
Likewise note that: the IngestDoc should inherit from `IngestDocSessionHandleMixin`

  - [ ] Add the decorator `unstructured.utils.requires_dependencies` on top of each class instance or function that uses those connector-specific dependencies e.g. for `GitHubConnector` should look like `@requires_dependencies(dependencies=["github"], extras="github")`
  - [ ] Run `make tidy` and `make check` to ensure linting checks pass.
- [ ] Update ingest documentation [here](https://github.com/Unstructured-IO/unstructured/tree/eb8ce8913729826b62fd4e1224f70d67c5289b9d/docs/source)
- [ ] If there are secret variables obtained for the connector tests, make sure to:
  - [ ] contact Unstructured team for them to add the secrets into Github
  - [ ] include the secret variables in [`ci.yml`](https://github.com/Unstructured-IO/unstructured/blob/eb8ce8913729826b62fd4e1224f70d67c5289b9d/.github/workflows/ci.yml) and [`ingest-test-fixtures-update-pr.yml`](https://github.com/Unstructured-IO/unstructured/blob/eb8ce8913729826b62fd4e1224f70d67c5289b9d/.github/workflows/ingest-test-fixtures-update-pr.yml)
  - [ ] add a make install line in the workflow configurations to be able to provide the workflow machine with the required dependencies on the connector while testing

> - [ ] Make sure that the tests for the connector are running and not getting skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Make sure the tests for the connector are running and not skipped by reviewing the logs in CI.
```

Reviewer: probably move this up to the group of items around testing above.

Author: addressed with https://github.com/Unstructured-IO/unstructured/pull/1456/commits/3d571f56af0945044de6ceaa4e3d4c85439396d3

> - [ ] Whenever necessary, use the [ingest update test fixtures](https://github.com/Unstructured-IO/unstructured/actions/workflows/ingest-test-fixtures-update-pr.yml) workflow to update the test fixtures.

Reviewer: Unfortunately this isn't available to contributors developing on a fork, because this relies on secrets that are only available in the upstream repository.

Author: Should I group these items under a line named "additional steps for team members", or should we remove it?

Author: I tried to address this with https://github.com/Unstructured-IO/unstructured/pull/1456/commits/6ec46b68d5463ba734ce9c7be383945a223ea9ae, please let me know if a different approach would be better
